CODSOFT (Task-1)
Titanic Survival Detection:- 

The project examines Titanic dataset information with an objective to forecast passenger survival outcomes. The process starts with data cleaning followed by explorative data analysis. Data findings demonstrate gender along with passenger class as major contributing elements to survival rates that benefited women and individuals in upper-class categories. The predictions generated by the trained model perform accurate survival outcomes assessments through its use of data features extracted from the original dataset.


CODSOFT (Task-2)
Movie Rating Prediction:-

In this project, I explored the task of predicting movie ratings using a Linear Regression model as well as Random Forest Regressor. The analysis revealed valuable insights into the performance and effectiveness of the model in capturing the variability in movie ratings. 

The evaluation of the linear regression model:-
Mean Squared Error (MSE) = 0.43000562685306226, 
Mean Absolute Error (MAE) = 0.47852973366955714, 
R-squared (R2) score = 0.7746102292950271 indicated that approximately 77.46% of the variance in the movie ratings was explained by the model.

The evaluation of the Random Forest Regressor:-
Mean Squared Error (MSE) = 0.39315259282178205, 
Mean Absolute Error (MAE) = 0.4164962871287127, 
R-squared (R2) score = 0.7939269460340179 indicated that approximately 79.39% of the variance in the movie ratings was explained by the model.


CODSOFT (Task-2)
Iris Flower Classification:-

The Iris dataset is a classic dataset in machine learning, containing three classes of Iris species: Iris Setosa, Iris Versicolour, and Iris Virginica. Each class has 50 samples with four features: sepal length, sepal width, petal length, and petal width.
All of the evaluated models, i.e., Logistic Regression, KNN, Random Forest and Decision Tree, achieved a perfect score of 97.78% on the Iris dataset. This indicates that they were all very effective at classifying the different species of iris flowers.
